# McDonalds-vs-Obesity
This web map illustrates the number of McDonalds' per capita in each US State, on top of the adult obesity rate of each state. The objective of this map is to see if there is a positive correlation between the the number of McDonalds' restaurants per capita in each U.S. state and the adult obesity rate of each U.S. state. My inspiration for creating this project came from reading this article by the Trust for America's Health (https://www.tfah.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/TFAHObesityReport_20.pdf), as well as my roommate who is notorious for going to "The Dons" often, as he calls it. I began illustrating my map by initially mapping out the American adult state obesity rates as a choropleth map. I ranged the symbology of the colors on the choropleth map from gold to magenta, so the map would be shaded with McDonald's primary colors. I broke the obesity rate data into six classes, ranging from 20% to 45%. Next, I mapped out the number of McDonald's per capita in each state using proportional circle symbology. I added some user interaction as well, in which when a user hovers over a circle, it turns blue, then turns yellow after the hover, representing that this data point has already been seen. After adding all proper legends and credits, my web map was good to go. Overall, I did find that there is certainly a positive correlation between the number of McDonald's per capita and the adult obesity rate in each state. Yet, there were some outliers, such as Ohio, which had way more McDonalds's per capita than their adult obesity rate would suggest when compared to the statistics of other states.
